---
tags: speakers
layout: layouts/speaker.html
name: Adam Cogan
role: Chief Architect at SSW
link: https://ndcoslo.com/speaker/adam-cogan/
image: https://ndcoslo.com/images/speaker/adam-cogan-BW.png
twitter: ' @adamcogan'
sessions: [talk-chinafy-your-apps-lessons-you-can-steal-from-china-1]
---
Adam Cogan blogs atand interviews for SSW TV. Adam is the Chief Architect at SSW, a Microsoft Certified Gold Partner specializing in custom enterprise .NET solutions mostly using Angular and React. His solutions also involve Office365, SharePoint, Business Intelligence, and CRM solutions.Adam has also run multiple consulting firms in China for the last 12 years. Adam has seen the whole Chinese software ecosystem develop and understands the differences that the Chinese market requires, in order to be successful. Adam helps western companies modernize their software so they are not only servicing the USA and European markets, but also grabbing a slice of the Chinese market of 1.4 billion consumers.Adam is a Certified Scrum Trainer with scrum.org, trains developers in Australia, the US, UK and Europe, and contributes to scrum.org thinking. He consults with development teams on improving their scrum process through mentoring and being a solution architect and scrum master. He has written many rules around scrum best practices.Adam is one of only 3 Microsoft Regional Directors in Australia. In this role, he regularly presents in conferences such as TechEd (USA, Australia, New Zealand, Europe and Malaysia). A couple of times a year, he visits Microsoft headquarters in Seattle to learn the latest on Microsoft strategic directions and to undertake training in development technologies. His favourite Microsoft teams that he loves to work with are Brian Harry’s TFS team, James Phillips Power BI team and Jeff Teper’s SharePoint team.Adam does many videos forand has recorded many interviews with technology experts around the world – his most popular videos are:* What's New in Visual Studio 2017* Power BI* Scrum meeting at Microsoft